hey hey, good morning guys, good morning, rio e
ghetto hose is that there is touch where
he is all in health and mine is and there he can
get out of that I knew that also a
inhabitant
I think I'll have a meeting with nine
we take a goal but this type of mission
It will be I do not know, you arrived late
record capital and sergeant duke
so now
thank you men
today you have a mission you will have to
an enemy base to defeat the
but where is that capital patience?
record
Let me first say is that it is
there is a small war in a city
in afghanistan
then it is to stay based on these
enemies and destroyed them because we are
assault team
so we're going to get into their base
first and we have to capture the leader
their name is al al
well I'll get the map, wait is what?
let's be in the alpha sector then the city
It's here but it 's happening in the war.
I mentioned here is the only way to
to enter their base through the
gate between two towers from there to people
have access to the base
the base is located here is where it is
happening the war where things are
here and there is the second base where
gets the type attack stuff
helicopters tanks would withdraw air
You go jeep here at that point.
The city here is going to have a soldier Ryan.
from there you take a path that leads
up to the base
Gil and the Duke
the release only in cash
Yes sir, not even if it's already here.
are exempt
good luck looked
O
ae
is
the drug
Let's get the milk out, think it right.
let's go there